From your description I would guess it is not your appendix. First the pain is on the midline and too high up. You most likely have some other sort of GI distress going on. Gas can be extremely painful. What makes it worse or better? My advice is you are safe to wait until the morning to go and see the doctor, however if it gets worse, the pain changes location or type you should consider going to an urgent care/er. In rare cases it could be an obstruction. You know your body, and it is better to be on the safe side. Walking around will help move the gas through your system, a heating pack on your stomach can help with discomfort
You can try cranberry juice or supplements. I don't know if it's proven exactly but it can't hurt - I have some cheap ones I take daily
I have been on prozac since i was 13 (21 now). It might not be the right medicine for her. A big side effect of it in the beginning for me was while i wasnt able to fully feel the sad emotions, i wasnt able to fully feel the happy emotions either. My mom got my doctor to increase my dosage and it helped a little but it isnt a cure. Im still extremely depressed, just not a danger to myself anymore. Be careful with meds and always do a lot of research on them before giving them to her! Some can make the symptoms extremely worse while others kinda work but arent 100%. Ive never seen anyone have an antidepressant that is a cure.
They are coated in toxic chemicals. Dryer sheets are one of the very worst things from a chemical allergy standpoint.
Yes. Baking soda can help. However, I would only consider it for a competition, not general workouts. My hypothesis is that you should train your body how to properly and quickly flush itself of lactic acid without supplements.
I've succeeded with the baking soda treatment. Basically, you put teaspoon baking soda in a huge glass of water and throughout the day you drink it. With each sip of baking water, you drink normal water. Yes, you will pee every five minutes. But in the end, I was done my infection in one day.
